nice toasty buns and this is the good
stuff right here got the onions red
peppers green peppers and a little a one
sauce thrown in to season it up
well if you've made it this far
congratulations probably not too many
people did but what I would like free to
take away from this episode of the
tudors viral is that I am just like you
I am struggling to raise my kids in a
really messed-up world where their idols
are people like Paris Hilton then Smith
me was a name
I hot dog just like anybody else I had a
hard row to hoe in order to get where
I'm at now where I can walk around and
do things with my grandchildren like
fish
I'm always happy to put each of my
granddaughter that's what grandpa's new
yeah he's my buddy but he's also bait
but I can't just sit back in fish any
hot dogs while people around the world
are being killed when tyranny is
knocking on our doorstep so
what are we going to learn from this
episode number one I'm not in this for
the money
number two even when I'm laying on what
I think maybe my deathbed I'm defiant
and I'm sure that they'll come up with a
mental disorder called for something
like that to
never give up never surrender fight to
your dying breath so what's right now
leave all that garbage to the global of
scumbags we don't hurt people here now
that the truth is viral
are so perfect this is save as many
people that we can in what's coming
and I'll tell you it's not gonna be
pretty an apartment of Homeland Security
knows it's not going to be pretty why do
you think they bought 1.4 billion rounds
of ammunition why do you think Leon
Panetta had the marines in afghanistan
and disarm before he would they're
afraid of the Delta people and they
should be
like man said in network Peter finish
we're mad as hell
and we're just not going to take it
anymore you know we know what you're
doing and my part in this to spread the
truth
you'll find many violence on this
channel and all I want to do is wake
people up if that's a crime
I'm yogi
thank you for watching brats at bobbys
this episode of the truth of the viral
is brought to you by jumps and wieners
and it is always simplify god bless rah
I'm going to get to these brats before
they get cold I finally fit all the Cubs
time for daddy bear to you I cannot wait
to dig into this
then leave daddy very much what can you
say talk about the kids anyway
hmm
I know you're jealous thank you for
watching the truth is viral with your
host Bobby pal make sure to follow the
apocalypse on Twitter at the truth is
viral like the truth is viral on
Facebook subscribe to old core blt 13 on
YouTube and if you can please remember
to donate to the cause via paypal at www
sports com runner yep game is back
runner I'm talking to you